website/docs/architecture/intro.md, before:

# About arc42

arc42, the Template for documentation of software and system architecture.

By Dr. Gernot Starke, Dr. Peter Hruschka and contributors.

Template Revision: 7.0 EN (based on asciidoc), January 2017

© We acknowledge that this document uses material from the arc 42 architecture
template, [http://www.arc42.de](http://www.arc42.de). Created by Dr. Peter Hruschka & Dr. Gernot
Starke.

> **Note**
>
> This version of the template contains some help and explanations. It is used
> for familiarization with arc42 and the understanding of the concepts. For
> documentation of your own system you use better the _plain_ version.

## 1. Introduction and Goals

Short description of the requirements, driving forces, extract (or abstract) of
requirements. Top three (max five) quality goals for the architecture which have
highest priority for the major stakeholders. A table of important stakeholders
with their expectation regarding architecture.  
![Introduction and Goals](images/01-intro-and-goals.png)

## 2. Architecture Constraints

Anything that constrains teams in design and implementation decisions or
decision about related processes. Can sometimes go beyond individual systems and
are valid for whole organizations and companies.  
![Architecture Constraints](images/02-constraints-overview.png)

## 3. Context and scope

Delimits your system from its (external) communication partners (neighboring
systems and users). Specifies the external interfaces. Shown from a
business/domain perspective (always) or a technical perspective (optional).  
![Context and scope](images/03-context-overview.png)

## 4. Solution Strategy

Summary of the fundamental decisions and solution strategies that shape the
architecture. Can include technology, top-level decomposition, approaches to
achieve top quality goals and relevant organizational decisions.  
![Solution Strategy](images/04-solution-strategy-overview.png)

## 5. Building Block View

Static decomposition of the system, abstractions of source-code, shown as
hierarchy of glass boxes (containing black boxes), up to the appropriate level
of detail.  
![Building Block View](images/05-building-block-overview.png)

## 6. Runtime View

Behavior of building blocks as scenarios, covering important use cases or
features, interactions at critical external interfaces, operation and
administration plus error and exception behavior.  
![Runtime View](images/06-runtime-overview.png)

## 7. Deployment View

Technical infrastructure with environments, computers, processors, topologies.
Mapping of (software) building blocks to infrastructure elements.  
![Deployment View](images/07-deployment-overview.png)

## 8. Crosscutting Concepts

Overall, principal regulations and solution approaches relevant in multiple
parts (→ cross-cutting) of the system. Concepts are often related to multiple
building blocks. Include different topics like domain models, architectur
patterns and -styles, rules for using specific technology and inmplementation
rules.  
![Crosscutting Concepts](images/08-concepts-overview.png)

## 9. Architecture Decisions

Important, expensive, critical, large scale or risky architecture decisions
including rationals.  
![Architecture Decisions](images/09-decision-overview.png)

## 10. Quality Requirements

Quality requirements as scenarios, with quality tree to provide high-level
overview. The most important quality goals should have been described in section
1.2. (quality goals).  
![Quality Requirements](images/10-q-scenario-overview.png)

## 11. Risks and Technical Debt

Known technical risks or technical debt. What potential problems exist within or
around the system? What does the development team feel miserable about?  
![Risks and Technical Debt](images/11-risk-overview.png)

## 12. Glossary

Important domain and technical terms that stakeholders use when discussing he
system. Also: translation reference if you work in a multi-language
environment.  
![Risks and Technical Debt](images/12-glossary-overview.png)

Commit message:

feat(docs): enforce API-First governance and fix website build
- Add API-First Governance concept documentation in cross-cutting concepts.

- Configure Spectral for API linting in 'api/.spectral.yaml' and 'api/package.json'.

- Update 'api/README.md' to visually document the API-First workflow.

- Link API-First governance in architecture introduction and cross-cutting concepts index.

- Fix Docusaurus MDX compilation error by adding 'rehype-raw'.

- Fix broken links and restructure deployment view documentation (local docker, templates).

- Update OpenAPI specification with 'externalDocs' linking to developer guides.

website/docs/architecture/intro.md, after:

# About arc42

arc42, the Template for documentation of software and system architecture.

By Dr. Gernot Starke, Dr. Peter Hruschka and contributors.

Template Revision: 7.0 EN (based on asciidoc), January 2017

© We acknowledge that this document uses material from the arc 42 architecture
template, [http://www.arc42.de](http://www.arc42.de). Created by Dr. Peter Hruschka & Dr. Gernot
Starke.

> **Note**
>
> This version of the template contains some help and explanations. It is used
> for familiarization with arc42 and the understanding of the concepts. For
> documentation of your own system you use better the _plain_ version.

## 1. Introduction and Goals

Short description of the requirements, driving forces, extract (or abstract) of
requirements. Top three (max five) quality goals for the architecture which have
highest priority for the major stakeholders. A table of important stakeholders
with their expectation regarding architecture.  
![Introduction and Goals](images/01-intro-and-goals.png)

## 2. Architecture Constraints

Anything that constrains teams in design and implementation decisions or
decision about related processes. Can sometimes go beyond individual systems and
are valid for whole organizations and companies.  
![Architecture Constraints](images/02-constraints-overview.png)

## 3. Context and scope

Delimits your system from its (external) communication partners (neighboring
systems and users). Specifies the external interfaces. Shown from a
business/domain perspective (always) or a technical perspective (optional).  
![Context and scope](images/03-context-overview.png)

## 4. Solution Strategy

Summary of the fundamental decisions and solution strategies that shape the
architecture. Can include technology, top-level decomposition, approaches to
achieve top quality goals and relevant organizational decisions.  
![Solution Strategy](images/04-solution-strategy-overview.png)

## 5. Building Block View

Static decomposition of the system, abstractions of source-code, shown as
hierarchy of glass boxes (containing black boxes), up to the appropriate level
of detail.  
![Building Block View](images/05-building-block-overview.png)

## 6. Runtime View

Behavior of building blocks as scenarios, covering important use cases or
features, interactions at critical external interfaces, operation and
administration plus error and exception behavior.  
![Runtime View](images/06-runtime-overview.png)

## 7. Deployment View

Technical infrastructure with environments, computers, processors, topologies.
Mapping of (software) building blocks to infrastructure elements.  
![Deployment View](images/07-deployment-overview.png)

## 8. Crosscutting Concepts

Overall, principal regulations and solution approaches relevant in multiple
parts (→ cross-cutting) of the system. Concepts are often related to multiple
building blocks. Include different topics like domain models, architectur
patterns and -styles, rules for using specific technology and inmplementation
rules.  
![Crosscutting Concepts](images/08-concepts-overview.png)

Key concepts:
*   **[API-First Governance](./08-crosscutting-concepts/api-first-governance)**: The rigorous workflow for contract-driven development.

## 9. Architecture Decisions

Important, expensive, critical, large scale or risky architecture decisions
including rationals.  
![Architecture Decisions](images/09-decision-overview.png)

## 10. Quality Requirements

Quality requirements as scenarios, with quality tree to provide high-level
overview. The most important quality goals should have been described in section
1.2. (quality goals).  
![Quality Requirements](images/10-q-scenario-overview.png)

## 11. Risks and Technical Debt

Known technical risks or technical debt. What potential problems exist within or
around the system? What does the development team feel miserable about?  
![Risks and Technical Debt](images/11-risk-overview.png)

## 12. Glossary

Important domain and technical terms that stakeholders use when discussing he
system. Also: translation reference if you work in a multi-language
environment.  
![Risks and Technical Debt](images/12-glossary-overview.png)
